Update publisher-verification-overview.md (#105074)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/publisher-verification-overview.md

  - In Partner Center, this user must have one of the following [roles](/partner-center/permissions-overview): MPN Partner Admin, Account Admin, or Global Administrator (a shared role that's mastered in Azure AD).
  

> - The user who initiates verification must sign in by using [AAD multifactor authentication](../authentication/howto-mfa-getstarted.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user who initiates verification must sign in by using [Azure AD multifactor authentication](../authentication/howto-mfa-getstarted.md).
```
